Alright! In this video, we are going to go
through and add in a new method to
update a Vendor, and we're going to follow
test-driven development. And the first
thing we're going to do is write our unit
tests, and you can see, if I've set up my
screens again. I'm following along with
the Category example, that we've coded
earlier as my example for using Vendor.
So, I'm going to go through that right now.
And I can see on line 71 of my
category tests, I made a typo there
so I'm going to correct that. So, remember
that it's not necessarily required by
Java but it is by convention to start
your method names with a lowercase
character. So, I am correcting that there
and I will commit that with this update.
Now, what we want to do is go ahead and
create a new test method here in our
VendorControllerTest. So, create a new
test method. Again, for that, I am using
command N on the OS X keyboard. I
believe that key mapping for Windows,
this will may be different. I'm not on
percent sure on that. But I know there
are differences for the IntelliJ
keyboard mappings for Windows. I
don't use my Windows, so I don't have them
memorized either. So, let's do a test
updateVendor.
The first thing that we want to do is
set up our repository actions. So, in
our vendorRepository, when we say do a
save. This time, we're going to be using
save and not saveAll. We're just
going to say any Vendor coming in there,
and we will return back Mono
just
and I'm just going to return back a new
Vendor object. So, nothing too creative
there. An empty object, I think, is going
to be fine for our test. We don't have to
do anything with it.
And let's do a Mono. Remember, we're doing
reactive types here, so do a Mono Vendor
and we will call that vendorMonoTo
Update.
So, a tip when you're doing your variable
names, you do want to try to add a little
bit description, because remember, when
you're coding, more time is spent
reading code than it is writing code.
So, if you're in a big shop, people are
going to be coming behind you and reading
your code. So, having descriptive names
like that for your variables is very
helpful for people reading your code
because it expresses your intent on what
that variable is suppose for it's
function in life, so to speak. Let's do a
vendor builder, and we will just build
that. We're not going to be testing any
properties there, so just having an empty
object should be fine for us. And you can
see in the above examples, I actually did
test some things or add some properties
in there, but I don't think, we actually
need them. If I was doing assertions
against the properties, definitely would
want to do that. So here, we are going to
do the put method. So remember, a put is
to do an update, so we're going to put, do
a put action against the API to update
something. And in this case, we are going
to do the same API, that we did for the
get. Again, that's going to be api/v1/
vendors, and then, we're going to parse out
the ID value there.
And let's go ahead and do a
body and we'll set the vendor to save.
And we're doing exchange, and I expect
status. We want to get back in okay.
In this case, which is an okay HTTP. Okay
is a 200, so we are expecting that. So,
we'll go ahead and run this, and we will
get an error.
You can see that we are getting a 405
error because we have not meant
saying method not allow because a Spring
WebFlux doesn't know what to do with it,
because we haven't implemented that on
the controller yet. So, let's go ahead and
implement that, and we'll bring up the
controller so we are going to implement
a version of this on line 39 there. We'll
implement that for our Vendor. So, let's
go ahead and write that code right now.
It's going to return back a Mono.
This time, Vendor.
We're going to take in String ID and a
Vendor object.
And the actions that we want to do is we
want to update the vendor after that
comes in with the ID value. So, remember,
we're specifying the ID and the URL,
and we will return back the saved object.
So pretty simple method. So, we're just
calling that vendorRepository. Now, let's
go ahead and we are going to decorate
this with the Spring Annotation so
WebFlux will know what to do with this.
So, the first thing that we want to do is
I'm going to steal this right here
because we are doing the same URL for
the put action. So that
sets up the URI mapping. And in this case,
the ResponseStatus is going to default
to 200 so we don't need the ResponseStatus annotation. But we do need to say,
tell the Spring Framework that we want
to take in the PathVariable.
Again, what's happening here, if we had
multiple variables, Spring is using
reflection so it gets the method the
parameter name and it's going to look to
match on those, just as a reminder of how
that's working. So, if we had multiple
path variables, we could do so through
the naming convention that we're using
there. And then, now, we want tell Spring
to look at the RequestBody
and parse out the Vendor. So, what's going
to happen there is a Spring, under the
covers, when we post a adjacent object
with the vendor data in it, it's
going to parse it and create a Vendor
object and pass it into our method for
that. So, under the covers, that's what
Spring Framework is doing for us. So now,
we got that implementation. Just
double-check things. I think everything
is looking good. Let's go ahead and
run this. So, our test was failing, and now,
it should be passing
And now, we have a successful test. Let's
go ahead and run all our vendor tests.
I say that all our VendorControllerTest our passing and happy. So, let's go
ahead and do a quick review of what we
created here. So, look at the test first
because we are following test-driven
development. So, we wrote the test first.
On line 73, we're setting up Mockito to
return back that Mono with a Vendor
object in it. And then, on line 76, we are
creating the vendor Mono of the object
that we want to pass in to update.
Then on line 78, that's where our test is
actually executing. So, we are taking the
the WebTestClient. We are saying to do
a put against the URI of api/v1/vendors.
Then, we're passing in an ID value,
which we're not really testing the
mapping of, but we are expecting the
action to pass in the Vendor Mono, so
that's the object that we're going to
update. We're saying that, it's a Vendor
class, and then, we're going to do the
exchange, and underneath it covers, what's
happening here because we are using the
test framework in the WebTestClient,
that is going to get converted to JSON. It
is going to get posted against the
controller and the Spring Framework is
going to be used to unmarshal that JSON
and run the update action. We are
expecting everything to work through and
get back an expected status of okay. Now,
the VendorController action, we
decorated this. So, we are saying that we
are expecting the Spring Framework to
pass in the ID value, which it's going to
parse from the URL, and then also, the
RequestBody, which is going to be the
JSON payload that the test is posting to
it, that's going to get parsed back to a
Vendor object. So, I'll get marshalled into
a vendor object, or unmarshalled, I should
say. And then, on line 42, we're going to
take the ID from the URL appended or set
the parsed object an ID value of that
and we'll call our vendorRepository to
save it. And so that this will work
through that, and then, the save function
from Spring Data MonoDB is going to
return back the saved object. And we are
returning that back in the body of the
response on line 40. Well in the method
signature there
41.